[Bulk] Validation Fixes (#254)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/rest-services/elevations/index.md

---
title: "Bing Maps Elevations API | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "Use the Bing Maps Elevations API to get elevation information for a set of locations, polyline, or area on the Earth."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The overview page for the Bing Maps Elevations API, used to get elevation information for a set of locations, polyline or area on the Earth, contains links to and descriptions of the elevations API.
```
